Overview
  There's three levels of nobility; King, Duke, and Baron.  A King rules over a
  realm for a specific species, and barring extenuating circumstances, there
  will only be one King per race.  A Duke rules over a region, and owes
  allegiance to the King.  Barons rule over their city and the surrounding lands
  and owe allegience to their Duke.
  Allegiance generally has costs and benefits:
  Costs:
    Yearly taxes.  This can either be a flat amount (500 gold per year) or a
    percentage of the taxes you collect (10% of all taxes).
    Military support.  This can be a quota of fit men (must send 20 men to the
    capital each year), maintaining a regional army (you must maintain an army
    of 500 men and assume responsibility for the area's defense), or unit-based
    (send a battalion to the capital / to the front lines).  There is generally
    a peactime rate (very low) and a wartime rate (very high).
    Civics.  Your ruler may insist that you adopt certain laws or policies.
    Diplomacy.  Your ruler may forbid you from trading with particular cities or
    may other make other changes.
    Specific demands.  Your ruler may make demands intermittantly depending on
    their needs.  This can include a payment of money, a loan, a shipment of
    food or other supplies, military support, etc.
  Benefits:
    Emergency aid.  If you are in severe need of food, money, or other resources
    your ruler can generally be counted upon to give you what you need, or at
    least loan it to you (or accept deferred payment).
    Trading bonuses.  Trading has a lower overhead cost and you receive first
    access to some resources.
    Military aid.  If you are under attack or are at war with someone your ruler
    dislikes, they will send military aid.  This may be in the form of men,
    resources (weaponry, armor, siege weapons, etc), or outright military units.
    Infrastructure.  Your ruler will help construct roads from your city to the
    capital and may provide other assistance.

  Your favor with your ruler is very important.  High favor means you can expect
  more aid, your ruler will side with you in the case of disputes, your debts
  will have lower interest or longer payment periods (or sometimes will be
  forgiven outright), and infractions may be ignored.  Low favor will mean
  increased tax rates, more stringent diplomatic/civic demands, stricter loan
  payment schedules, and decreased aid.  If your favor is extremely low (usually
  only achievable if you fail to pay taxes for several years, you do not repay
  your loans, or you are extremely aggresive with your army), then your ruler
  may excommunicate you from the kingdom and will generally declare war.

Each race has particular variations or expectations:

Humans
  Taxes are moderate to high.  Payment may be demanded immediately, or may be
  allowed to build up for several years, depending on the ruler.
  Military demands vary with the area you're in.  Remote cities are usually
  expected to guard their realm, and may be asked to send a token dispatch of a
  few men each year.  those closer to the capital will be expected to equip and
  donate a company each year.
  Demands are infrequently and usually not large.  Loans are more common than
  gifts.
  In-fighting is discouraged, but generally a Duke or King will not get involved
  unless the situation is drastic, or unless one of the combatants is out of
  favor.  If the fighting goes on too long, the ruler may demand that both sides
  stop; if one side is in poor favor with the ruler, the ruler may send armies
  against them (particularly likely if the out-of-favor side is the aggresor).
  Aid and loans are prevalent and generally payment is not expected quickly.
  Civic demands may be strict.
  Diplomacy demands are fairly lax.

Elves
  Taxes are moderately low, but payment is demanded immediately.
  Military requests are moderate to high; Elves need to present a unified
  kingdom and the military may be a big part of this.
  Demands are moderate, and tend to be for food or other resources.  Gifts are
  much more common than loans.
  In-fighting is highly frowned upon.  Unless one side is greatly out of favor,
  the ruler will generally demand an immediate end to hostilities, and may place
  sanctions against the aggressor.
  Aid is prevalent, particularly for food and other necessities.  Loans are not
  common and are expected to be repaid quickly.
  Military aid is swift and large-scale when the conflict is with another race.
  Civic demands are usually strict.
  Diplomacy demands are usually strict.

Dwarves
  Taxes are moderate.  Payment is usually expected on time or slightly late.
  Military demands are moderate to low.
  Demands are infrequently, and are usually for resources.  Loans are more
  common than gifts.
  In-fighting is accepted to a degree, and the ruler will not get involved
  unless one side is greatly out of favor.
  Aid is limited but loans are very common.  Repayment is moderately strict.
  Military aid is great for defensive needs, and limited for offensive needs.
  Civic demands are fairly lax.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate.

Orcs
  Taxes are very low, and payment may be lax.
  Military demands are usually nil.  Orcs see it as the supreme weakness to ask
  another for military aid, so they will not ask you for any troops unless they
  are in dire need (at which point their dynasty is probably on the way out, so
  it's safe to refuse - probably better to attack them yourself).
  Demands vary on power.  Weak leaders will be expected to give frequent gifts,
  to prove their worth.  The powerful are also expected to give gifts or at
  least loans, to demonstrate their devotion to their ruler.
  In-fighting is expected; any city which does NOT at least periodically attack
  a neighbor is perceived as weak and will lose favor with their ruler.  Rulers
  completely ignore in-fighting, unless one side is getting strong enough to
  challenge their ruler, in which case they will aid the weaker side.
  Aid is almost non-existant.  Loans are generally small and repayment is lax.
  Military aid is given when needed, but requiring aid is perceived as a sign of
  weakness and will result in lost favor.
  Civic demands are virtually non-existant.
  Diplomacy demands are also almost non-existant, except that rulers may demand
  their subjects declare war on an enemy quite frequently.

Goblins
  Taxes are low but payment is expected on time.
  Military requests may be high; requests for spies are more common.
  Gifts are asked for as need dictates; loans are more common than gifts.
  In-fighting is expected and generally ignored by rulers.
  Aid is low; loans are more common and repayment is somewhat lax.
  Military aid is moderate.  Aid for an attack tends to be larger than aid for
  defense.
  Civic demands are almost non-existant.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate.  Rulers may ask that a given city send spies
  against a enighbor close to them.

Kobolds
  Taxes are low and payment may be lax.
  Military requests are low.
  Gifts are rarely asked for.
  In-fighting is expected and generally ignored.
  Aid is almost non-existant; loans are generally small.
  Military aid is limited.  Kobolds are expected to avoid conflicts they can't
  win on their own.
  Civic demands are generally fairly low.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate; kobolds are generally forbidden from declaring
  war on stronger enemies.

Ogres
  Taxes are low to moderate, and payment may be late.
  Military requests are low.
  Gifts are asked for as demand dictates; gifts and loans are equally common.
  In-fighting is frowned upon.  Rulers will frequently send troops to aid the
  defending party, unless the attacker has much better favor.
  Aid is given freely as needed, but is more frequently given as a loan than as
  a gift.  Repayment is not expected immediately.
  Military aid is given swiftly if needed for defense.  Military aid for
  offivensive needs is less frequently given.
  Civic demands are fairly low.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate; frequently rulers will ask that their subjects
  refrain from delcaring war.

Trolls
  Taxes are almost non-existent, and may be paid late; they are frequently
  forgiven entirely.
  Military requests are very low.
  Gifts are asked for frequently, and tend to be for food.  Gifts are almost
  never repaid.
  In-fighting is generally ignored.  If one side is in very poor favor with the
  ruler troops will be sent against them.
  Aid is rarely given and is expected to be repaid.
  Military aid is moderate, and given equally for defensive and offensive
  purposes.
  Civic demands are non-existent.
  Diplomacy demands are rare; usually subjects are asked to declare war on an
  enemy.

Naga
  Taxes are moderate to high.  Collection may be lenient but anything beyond two
  years is rare.
  Military requests are moderate.
  Gifts are asked for frequently, as are loans.
  In-fighting is accepted to a degree; if one side is in much worse favor than
  the other, the ruler will send aid.
  Aid is given frequently, more often in the form of a loan.
  Military aid is swift and strong, particularly in the case of defensive needs.
  Civic demands are moderate to high.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate to high.

Gnomes
  Taxes are high.  Collection is fairly strict.
  Military requests are very high in central areas or when needs are high; but
  otherwise very low.
  Gifts are rare, but requests for loans are very common.  Repayment is usually
  prompt.
  In-fighting is strongly frowned upon.  The aggressor is usually seen as in the
  wrong (unless favor is strongly on their side) and will be told to stop once;
  after that, troops will be sent against them.
  Aid is given frequently, but is almost always in the form of a loan.  Timely
  repayment is expected.
  Military aid is limited, or moderate in the case of defensive needs.  Monetary
  aid is more common.
  Civic demands are moderate, but rulers are forgiving of transgressions.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate to high, and tend to be in the form of trade
  agreements or embargoes.

Avians
  Taxes are very low, though collection is expected to be prompt.
  Military requests are high; usually you are expected to send equipped
  companies on a regular basis.
  Gifts are regularly requested, both free and in the form of loans.
  In-fighting is expected to a degree, and rulers will generally not get
  involved unless it goes on for too long or one side is strongly out of favor.
  Aid is given freely when requested, usually in the form of a gift.
  Military aid is swift, both of offensive and defensive needs.  Repayment of
  some form is expected.
  Civic demands are almost nil, but when they're made they are expected to be
  followed.
  Diplomacy demands are common, particularly for peace/war agreements.

Minotaur
  Taxes are low to moderate, and payment is expected on time.
  Military requests are moderate; equipped or unequipped units are fine.
  Gifts are regularly requested, both free and in the form of loans.
  In-fighting is frowned upon but tolerated  The aggressor is usually asked to
  stop, and face penalties like trade limitations or increased taxes.  If the
  aggression continues, swift and severe military might will be used.
  Aid is given frequently, usually in the form of a loan.
  Military aid is strong, but almost always only for defensive needs; Minotaurs
  generally frown upon aggression but treat incursions into their territory very
  seriously.
  Civic demands are moderate but not particularly expected to be followed.
  Diplomacy demands are common, of all kinds.

Halfling
  Taxes are moderate to high, and payment may be slightly late but not very.
  Military requests are practically non-existant, but will be requested in large
  numbers if the kingdom is at war.
  Gifts are requested when needed, and appreciately greatly; loans are requested
  when needed as well.
  In-fighting is strongly frowned upon.  Aggressors face penalties like trade
  limitations or increased taxes; only when they're close to defeating another
  city entirely will military force be used, and even then it is with
  reluctance.
  Aid is given frequently; gifts are very taxing on your favor level, but loans
  are fine so long as they're repaid promptly.
  Military aid is very limited, and only given in cases of defense.  Even then,
  it will be very slight.
  Civic demands are moderate to high, and tend to be for "moral" reasons.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate to high.

Apiads
  Taxes are very high, almost to the point of depleting all excess resources.
  Payment must be prompt.
  Military requests are moderate during peacetime, and very high during wartime.
  Gifts are rarely requested; the high tax rate is generally enough.  Loans are
  almost unheard of.
  In-fighting is not tolerated.  Any city that attacks another is considered an
  enemy, regardless of favor, and will be dealt with swiftly.  However, it is
  possible to ask your ruler for permission to attack a fellow city; if your
  favor is sufficiently high (and theirs sufficiently low) it may be permitted.
  Aid is given frequently, and cities are expected to ask for what they need.
  Several gifts are "free," after that you'll start incurring favor penalties
  which rack up quickly.  A city that requests too much is a drain on the empire
  as a whole, and will lose favor.  Loans may be given in place of gifts after
  the "free" gifts are exhausted.
  Military aid is given freely, more so for defensive needs than offensive ones.
  Civic demands are moderate to high; infractions are not tolerated and result
  in severe loss of favor.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate to high, and similarly infractions are not
  tolerated.

Formicants
  Taxes are moderate/low; Formicants place greatly emphasis on self-reliance.
  Payment is, however, expected on time.
  Military requests are moderate to high; the Royal Army is generally well-
  equipped.
  Gifts are requested frequently, whether as outright gifts or as loans.
  In-fighting is tolerated.  If a war goes on for too long, or is showing signs
  of great detriment to both sides, the ruler may make a ruling declaring one
  side or the other to be out of order, and place penalties on them.
  Aid is given frequently, whether as gifts or as loans.
  Military aid is given in high force when needed, whether for defensive or
  offensive purposes.
  Civic demands are moderate to high; infractions are not tolerated and result
  in severe loss of favor.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate to high, and similarly infractions are not
  tolerated.

Arachnids
  Taxes are low.  Payment may be very late.
  Military requests are fairly low; a few token unequipped individuals per year
  will suffice.
  Gifts are rarely requested, and usually as a loan.
  In-fighting is generally ignored, except when one side has very poor favor, in
  which case the other side may be given support (financial or military).
  Aid is given rarely, more often as a loan than as a gift.
  Military aid is given only when needed for defensive purposes.
  Civic demands are almost non-existent, and infractions are tolerated.
  Diplomacy demands are moderate, but infractions are tolerated.

Golems
  Taxes are moderate, and usually commiserate with a town's means (i.e., taxes
  are a percentage, not a flat rate).  Payment is expected on time.
  Military requests are moderate; generally a squad of golems each year will be
  requested.
  Gifts are almost never requested; in times of need, a loan will be.  Interest
  is not paid; loans are given back exactly as they came.
  In-fighting is not tolerated.  The ruler will generally send military aid to
  whichever side is in better favor.  Starting a war, even if your opponent is
  in poor favor, will cost you favor.
  Aid is given rarely, and alays as a loan.  Interest is generally requested in
  small amounts.
  Military aid is given, usually in whatever amount is requested.  However, if
  too large an amount is requested, favor will be lost.
  Civic demands are almost non-existent.
  Diplomacy demands are common and strongly enforced.

Gargoyles
  Taxes are moderate/low and payment may be late by a few years.
  Military requests are fairly low; in wartime they will increase.
  Gifts are requested infrequently, and turning them down will usually not hurt
  your favor.  Loans are a little more common.
  In-fighting is tolerated; if one side is greatly out of favor, defensive
  troops will be provided to the other side.
  Aid is given infrequently, and more often as a loan.
  Military aid is given in moderate amounts if needed.
  Civic demands are very low, and infractions are tolerated.
  Diplomatic demands are rare, but expected to be followed.

Rakshasa
  Taxes are very high, and payment cannot be very late.  Social standing and
  rank are very important to Rakshasa, and it's expected that those of a lower
  standing will support those of a higher standing.
  Military requests are usually nonexistent in peacetime; some troops may be
  requested during war.
  Gifts are requested frequently and to decline to give will hurt your favor
  greatly.  Loans are rarely asked for.
  In-fighting is frowned upon; the aggressor will usually be told to stop and
  will lose favor in great amounts.
  Aid is given infrequently.  It is not for the higher classes to support those
  who are beneath them.  Loans are much more common, with high interest rates.
  Military aid is given in strong numbers; Rakshasa consider cities in their
  domain to be their property, and will defend them viciously.
  Civic demands are moderate to high, depending on the ruler.
  Diplomatic demands are moderate to high, and tend to be demands to enslave a
  given city.  Failure to obey results in a great loss of favor.

Lizardmen
  Taxes are moderate, and may be late by a year or so before offense is taken.
  Military requests are moderate to high.
