The world is dotted with special locations.  You can't build cities on them, and
they're placed after kingdom placement - guaranteeing that they don't appear
close to any existing cities.

Special locations may be visited by a hero or an army, and looted for special
items or other benefits.  The majority of locations cannot be looted by an army,
you must use a hero.  These locations may have multiple levels of increasing
danger and reward; exploring each level takes a day.

Each location also has a "count."  This is the approximate number of that
location that can be found in any given 100x100 area (note that the standard
world size is 400x400; so there are only 16 such areas in the entire world!

Any line starting with ? should be reconsidered.

Locations:

Ancient Temple:
  Desc:   A small temple.  Above ground, there are only a few crumbling pillars
          and a cracked stone floor, but there is a hatch leading below ground.
  Found:  Anywhere
  Count:  8
  Level 1/1:  Hero
    Danger: Traps (easy), undead spirits
    Loot:   One minor artifact (holy symbol, amulet, ring, staff); gold; gems

Abandoned Mine:
  Desc:   This mine has been abandoned for at least a century.  Who knows what
          creatures have moved in since it was last occupied?
  Found:  Wasteland, (Icy) Foothills, (Icy) Mountain, Canyon
  Count:  10
  Level 1/3:  Hero
    Danger: Terrain (pitfalls, rockslides, etc) (easy)
    Loot:   Random minerals (up to 50)
  Level 2/3:  Hero
    Danger: Misc monsters (moderate)
    Loot:   Random minerals (up to 100); gold;
            10% chance of minor artifact (weapon, armor)
  Level 3/3:  Hero
    Danger: One of: Giant Worm, Troglodytes, insectoids (dangerous)
    Loot:   Artifact (minor or moderate) (weapon, armor)

Pyramid:
  Desc:   A vine-covered stepped pyramid.  The stone it's built of has survived
          the untold centuries rather well.
  Found:  Desert
  Count:  4
  Level 1/3:  Hero
    Danger: Traps (easy)
    Loot:   Gold
  Level 2/3:  Hero
    Danger: Traps (moderate), zombies
    Loot:   One minor artifact (sword, armor); gold; gems
  Level 3/3:  Hero
    Danger: Traps (difficult), mummies
    Loot:   One moderate artifact (staff, amulet, helmet); gold; gems

Ziggurat:
  Desc:   A vine-covered stepped pyramid.  The stone it's built of has survived
          the untold centuries rather well.
  Found:  Jungle
  Count:  4
  Level 1/3:  Hero
    Danger: Traps (easy)
    Loot:   Gold
  Level 2/3:  Hero
    Danger: Traps (moderate), giant spiders, giant snakes
    Loot:   One minor artifact (sword, staff, amulet); gold; gems
  Level 3/3:  Hero
    Danger: Traps (difficult), lich
    Loot:   One major artifact (statuette, holy symbol, sword); gold; gems

Icy Cave:
  Desc:   A ice-covered cave.  The stone around the entrance is covered with
          ancient carvings or some kind of terrible beast.
  Found:  Tundra
  Count:  10
  Level 1/2:  Army, Hero
    Danger: Akhlut x3
    Loot:   Wood
    Other:  Safe resting place for army
  Level 2/2:  Hero
    Danger: Wumpus
    Loot:   Minor artifact (animal skin, stone, staff)
    Other:  Fountain of Healing (any hero may rest a day & receive full healing)

Overgrown Farm:
  Desc:   This homesteader's farm hasn't been inhabited for years, maybe
          decades.  The fields are overgrown but the barn and house are mostly
          intact.
  Found:  Plains
  Count:  15
  Level 1/1:  Army, Hero
    Danger: Nothing OR Zombies (2-10) OR Giant Spiders (3-6) OR Basilisk (1)
    Loot:   Food (50-200), other...?

Chasm:
  Desc:   A chilly wind blows up from this deep, dark chasm.
  Found:  Mountains, Icy Mountains
  Count:  8
  Level 1/2:  Hero
    Danger: Giant Spiders
    Loot:   Misc minerals; Gold; Gems
  Level 2/2:  Hero
    Danger: Giant Worms
    Loot:   One minor artifact (any)

Fairy Glen:
  Desc:   The sunlight hits this clearing in a way that seems almost
          supernatural.
  Found:  Forest, Swamp
  Count:  5
  

Stone Circle:
  Desc:   A circle of upright stones.  Standing in the center of the stones
          makes your skin tingle.  Perhaps a mage or priest could tap into the
          power of this place...?
  Found:  Anywhere
  Count:  10
  Level 1/1:  Mage, Priest
    A mage may spend a day here to "unlock" the stone circle.  This has a random
    result, selected from the list below.  Some results are only achievable if a
    mage or priest is used; these are labeled M and P.
    Healing:  The site is permanently converted to a Healing Circle.  Any army
              or hero resting here recuperates at five times the normal rate!
    Insight:  The site is permanently converted to a Circle of Visions.  Any
              hero stationed here will have a 20% chance each day to be granted
              a vision of everything within 10 (20?) tiles, including troop
              movements and wandering monsters.  Enemy heroes also have a small
              chance to be spotted, modified by their stealthiness.
M   Wealth:   The stones crumble away, revealing that they are filled with
              valuable items!  Each of the 8 stones picks a random resource;
              "nothing" happens 30 or 40% of the time, and gold, gems, etc. are
              other possible results.
M   Summon:   A mixture of 3-10 randomly-chosen monsters are immediately
              summoned!  Any heroes or armies present must fight them, and all
              rewards (meat, pelts, etc) are gained as usual.  The Stone Circle
              crumbles and may not be activated again.
P   Manna:    Around 1,000 food is immediately produced.  The Stone Circle
              crumbles and may not be activated again.
P   Demon:    A powerful demon is immediately summoned!  Any heroes or armies
              present must fight it, and all rewards (pelt, items) are gained as
              usual.  The Stone Circle crumbles and may not be activated again.
?   Blight:   The site is permanently converted to a Blighted Circle.  The world
              within three tiles is converted to Blight terrain.  Note that this
              may affect existing cities!
?   Growth:   The site is permanently converted to a Circle of Growth.  This
              tile immediately grows 5,000 wood worth of trees, and continues to
              add 1,000 wood each day (to a cap of 100,000).  Additionall, all
              world tiles within 3 tiles are converted as follows:
      Desert    => Wasteland
      Wasteland => plains
      Plains    => Forest
      Forest    => Jungle
      Other:  Grow twice as many trees
