Jobs:
  Ruler:              Gain Influence points.  At certain numbers of influence
                      points, your city's radius increases by 1.
    >Alternative:  At certain numbers of influence points, the number of *tiles*
     you can support increases by 1.  You choose which tile to add.  If you drop
     below the required Influence points, a random tile is chosen from those
     furthest from your Keep, and you lose that tile.
    >Can have as many Rulers as you want, but those beyond the first have 50%
     effectiveness

  Keeper of the Coin: Increases your max gold and decreases lending/borrowing
                      overhead.

  Master of Spies:    Increases the reliability and success rate of all spies.

  High Barrister:     Decreases corruption and improves effectiveness of guards.

  Lord of Caravans:   Decreases trade overhead.
    >Effectiveness increased 50% if they travel with a caravan (only applies to
     the caravan they're with)
      >Or remove the overhead altogether?  Sending a noble out with a caravan is
       a fairly risky proposition.  It's also time-consuming, which means that
       it's unlike that ALL a player's trades could be facilitated by this
       noble.

  Master of Crops:    Increases output of all farms.  Unlocks research into new
                      crops and farm improvements.

  Diplomat:           Assign to a given city, province, or race.  Slowly
                      improves relations with their assignment.
    >Must be stationed in the target city!  If targeting a province, the
     diplomat must be in the duchy seat; if targeting the race, the diplomat
     must be in the capital.

  High Priest:        Improves value of worship, and relationship with your god.

  Hero:               Acts like a military unit.  Can explore and battle.
    >Certain world locations REQUIRE a hero to activate/explore them!

  Spy:                Acts as a spy unit, albeit one with greater success rates
                      (and some unique missions?).

  General:            Attaches to a military unit.  Acts as a force multiplier
                      and improves morale.


Artifacts:  Unique, (sometimes?-)randomly-generated items which a Noble may
            wield to improve their effectiveness.  Some powers they may hold:
  >Increase Ruler effectiveness as 10%
  >Generate gold slowly
  >Charm citizens in any city visited


